---
layout: project-post
title: "Config"
date: 2016-12-31 11:48:42 -0400
category: large-veins
project: large-veins
project-name: "Large Veins"
---

The default configuration file for Vanilla only can be found [here](https://gist.github.com/shadowfacts/d642720f2404d08a0aab6e3768fe3f51) and the configuration file with Vanilla and all the included mod support (Actually Additions and Substratum) can be found [here](https://gist.github.com/shadowfacts/be89f1ccde9c1b061f8daffccdbc76da).

Each child of the top level object is an array of vein types. The key for each array of vein types should be a string containing the dimension they should spawn in (e.g. `"0"` is the key for the overworld array and `"-1"` is the key for the nether array). 

Each element of the array is an entry for a vein type. Each vein type has several properties:

- `ore`: The ore blockstate (e.g. coal ore, see [Blockstate Representation](#blockstates))
- `toReplace`: The blockstate to replace in the world (e.g. stone, see [Blockstate Representation](#blockstates))
- `minY`: The minimum Y level that the ore can generate at.
- `maxY`: The maximum Y level that the ore can generate at.
- `size`: The size of the ore vein. (**Note:** This is _not_ the number of blocks that will generate in the vein)
- `chance`: The chance that the large vein will generate in a given chunk (`1/chance`% chance per chunk). The higher the `chance` number, the less often the ore will generate. 

<h2 id="blockstates">Blockstate Representation</h2>
Both the `ore` and `toReplace` properties of each vein type are blockstates. They contain two sub-properties:

- `id`: The ID of the block in the form of `modid:name`
- `state`: An object containing all the properties of the blockstate. These properties can be seen by using F3 to open the debug menu and looking a the block you want. The properties will appear below the ID of the block. If there are no properties displayed, the `state` property should be an empty object.