---
layout: project-post
title: "Config"
date: 2016-12-26 13:30:42 -0400
category: discord-chat
project: discord-chat
project-name: "Discord Chat"
---

All configuration settings are under the top level key `discordchat`.

## **`commands.permission`**
Each of the sub-keys of this is the minimum permission level for a command. See [Commands](/discord-chat/info/#commands) for the default values.

## **`commands.prefix`**
The string to use as the prefix for commands. Default is `!`.

## **`discord`**
Settings for connecting to Discord. See [Setup](/discord-chat/setup/) for how to determine these values.

## **`format.achievement`**
The format for a player achievement message from MC to Discord.

`$1` will be replaced with the player's username and `$2` will be replaced with the achievement.

Default: `MC » $1 has just earned the achievement $2`

## **`format.death`**
The format for a player death message from MC to Discord.

`$1` will be replaced with the player's username and `$2` will be replaced the death message (which includes the player's username).

Default: `MC » $2`

## **`format.fromDiscord`**
The format for a normal message from Discord to MC.

`$1` will be replaced with the channel, `$2` will be replaced with the sender's username, and `$3` will be replaced with the message.

Default: `#$1 » <$2> $3`

## **`format.fromMC`**
The format for a normal message from MC to Discord.

`$1` will be replaced with the sender's username and `$2` will be replaced with the message.

Default: `MC » <$1> $2`

## **`join`**
Format for a player join message from MC to Discord.

`$1` will be replaced with the player's username.

Default: `MC » $1 joined the game`

## **`leave`**
Format for a player leave message from MC to Discord.

`$1` will be replaced with the player's username.

Default: `MC » $1 left the game`

## **`relay.achievements`**
If achievements should be relayed from Minecraft to Discord.

## **`relay.deaths`**
If death message should be relayed from Minecraft to Discord.

## **`relay.joinleave`**
If player join/leave message should be relayed from Minecraft to Discord.